[DOC] Kafka config example (#1751)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/assembly-kafka-broker-external-listeners.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-configuring-kafka-listeners.adoc

[id='assembly-kafka-broker-external-listeners-{context}']
= External listeners

> An external listener connects to a Kafka cluster from outside of an {ProductPlatformName} environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An external listener allows a client outside {ProductPlatformName} to connect to a {ProductName} Kafka cluster inside {ProductPlatformName}.
```
